what's up guys blog buster here again I
think computers and today we're taking a
look at a 16 gig memory kit from g.skill
it's there Ripjaws Z and it's designed
for the intel x79 platform normally we
don't take a look at memory that much I
mean I know in boxing videos and memory
is not that exciting but we kind of just
wanted to show you since we've never
reviewed this memory what you know what
it's all about and what it looks like so
let's just get to the good part open it
up and check out what's inside
like most memory kits the ripjaws he
comes in a nice clam shell package um
you know says ripjaws II on the front it
lets us know it's designed for XM e nine
platforms on the back there is a sticker
right here that tells you exactly what
kid it is what it's going to be running
at how much memory is in it and
everything like that so let's just go
ahead and open these up now take these
out here once we have everything out now
you can see that g.skill also provides
you with this small little sticker you
can put on your case they people know
they're using g.skill memory there are
four total memory sticks and therefore
gig each so that is a total of 16 gig it
is a 16 gig kit each one of these has is
pretty cool Ripjaws logo here on the one
side and then on the opposite side you
have all your information so this is the
f3 1700 CL 9q 16gb zeh kit and what that
means it is a ddr3 2133 cl9 running at
nine eleven 1026 at 1.5 volts um it's
that's one of that's at the higher end
usually the default 16 gig kits for ex39
usually run at 1600 megahertz these are
obviously going to run ad 2133 buts
about it guys this is the GG skill
ripjaws ii just kind of want to show you
what they look like the heat spreader is
a bit larger so you want to keep that in
mind when purchasing these and one
person is purchasing a cpu cooler
because the heat spreader is a bit
larger than the actual memory stick
itself but again this is bob busker
fourth in computers and if you like our
unboxing videos make sure you subscribe
and if you like this video hit the like
bunt the bottom catch you guys later